fixed wrong option description (#2524)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/time_series_forecasting_demo/python/README.md

                        Optional. Name of the models input node.
  --output-name OUTPUT_NAME
                        Optional. Name of the models output node.
  -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                        Required. Path to the dataset file in .pickle format.
  --quantiles QUANTILES
                        Optional. Names of predicted quantiles.
```

Running the application with the empty list of options yields the usage message given above and an error message.

> You can use the following command to do inference on CPU on images captured by a camera using a pre-trained deblurgan-v2 network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following command to do inference on CPU on converted dataset using a pre-trained deblurgan-v2 network:
```

```sh

>     python3 time_series_forecasting_demo.py -i electricity.pickle -m <path_to_model>/time-series-forecasting-electricity-0001.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 time_series_forecasting_demo.py -i electricity.pickle -m <path_to_model>/time-series-forecasting-electricity-0001.xml
```
